Updated with newly added consent service methods (#483)
wso2/docs-open-banking: en/docs/develop/consent-core-service.md

Map<String, String> getConsentAttributesByName(String attributeName) throws ConsentManagementException;
```

### getConsentIdByConsentAttributeNameAndValue method

> This method lets you retrieve consent id for a provided attribute name and attribute value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method lets you retrieve the consent Id for a provided attribute name and attribute value.
```

ConsentResource amendConsentData(String consentID, String consentReceipt, Long consentValidityTime, String userID) throws ConsentManagementException;
```

### updateConsentStatus method

> This method lets you update the status of the consent for a given consentId and userId.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method lets you update the status of the consent for a given consent Id and user Id.
```
